[DEVCOMMS-470] Feature/Emails API update (#1512)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/plugins/prestashop/integration.en.md

* **In-person payment methods:** select which payment methods will be offered for payments made via Ticket Checkout.
* **Payment due:** after selecting the means of payment in person, indicate how many days these will expire after they are issued.

> 7. Having selected the **Checkout Transparente** to receive payments from your store, it is important to configure the sending of emails that will notify the user of their transactions. See below how to customize the sending of the **transactional email** in the PrestaShop management panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Having selected **Checkout API** to receive payments from your store, it is important to configure the email notifications that will notify the user of their transactions. See below how to customize the  **transactional email** notifications in the PrestaShop management panel.
```

* In the **Admin Panel** of your PrestaShop store, click on **International > Translation** and select the template you want to change.
* Once the necessary changes have been made, in **Shop Parameters > Order Settings > Statuses** you can define an email template for each order status.

> * To configure the **SMTP server** and enable the sending of e-mails, access **Advanced Parameters > E-mails** and select the option "Set my own SMTP parameters (for advanced users ONLY)". Fill in the information of the server responsible for sending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To configure the **SMTP server** and enable e-mail notifications, access **Advanced Parameters > E-mails** and select the option "Set my own SMTP parameters (for advanced users ONLY)". Fill in the information of the server responsible for sending.
```
